Ugh, damn it!
Run!
Run, fast!
Ah, ah!
Damn it! Hey! Damn!
You bastard!
Drop the bag!
Damn it!
Ugh!
Hey, you!
Start the engine!
Hurry, Hyun-ju!
Hurry! Run fast!
Hurry, hurry!
Hurry!
Start the engine!
Those bastards!
Run faster!
Hurry!
Get in!
Get in, get in, get in, hurry!
Hurry! Bro, the door, the door, the door!
The door, the door, the door!
Damn it!
It seems like there are more people
than I thought using Kim Myeong-gil's money.
People entered and exited the bar
every hour.
There were people in police cars,
and I don't know his name,
but there was a pro baseball player
I saw on TV.
Yeah, well,
he must have spread his network widely by now.
Mm.
I knew Myeong-gil
was an ex-convict.
He begged me sincerely,
saying he wanted to start a new life
working under me.
I was fooled.
I was tricked.
After Myeong-gil double-crossed me,
when Driver Oh and I
hid in Namhae,
I heard rumors that Myeong-gil
was starting a company
with my money and bonds.
I should have
dealt with him myself.
Because I was the one who taught him.
Dealing with him...
I just couldn't bring myself to do it.
At that time,
you said you'd take care of Myeong-gil,
and I stopped you.
I'm sorry.
I was scared of losing you too.
You always cherished and protected me
like family, boss.
I'm always ready
to lay down my life for you, boss.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Really?
Alright, come quickly.
Boss.
The kids were attacked by Kim Myeong-gil's men
while retrieving cash from the bookstore.
Are they hurt?
No, there was no mention of that.
But...
They lost all the money in the safe.
Hey, are they hurt?
I think they're fine.
Oh, and...
We've caught one guy at the commercial building,
but we couldn't deal with him. What should we do?
When a patient comes to the emergency room after committing a crime,
doctors are required to report it to the police.
So I had secured this hospital
so I could operate at any time.
Myeong-gil must have secured a hospital too.
I'll send Du-yeong.
Motorcycles are advantageous.
Good work.
Hey.
Oh, yes.
You guys get some sleep,
and come to the shop at lunchtime.
What, for what reason...
To feed you.
Oh.
Don't you want to?
Actually, I don't usually eat lunch...
Wow.
Yes.
Go.
Oh.
Are you okay?
We lost the money in the safe. I'm sorry.
No, are *you* okay?
Oh.
Yes.
I'm fine.
Ah, I'll move the rest of the boxes. Please go to sleep first.
You really weren't hurt, right?
Yes.
I didn't give him the money back. He...
In-beom is fine everywhere else,
but his right eardrum ruptured.
I'll check the car's license plate from the dashcam footage in the morning.
You haven't done it yet?
Because the police haven't
come to work yet.
Your words are a bit short, aren't they?
Cool eyes.
Ugh, damn it. Tsk.
What if the car they rode in is a ghost car
or has a fake license plate?
Can you track how far the car went with CCTV?
It's not impossible, but it will take a long time.
Checking a car's registration is as simple as typing the number into the police intranet,
but for CCTV, you have to go to the control center
and manually rewind and look for it, and...
Each district has a different control center,
so it will take some time for me to find people.
Spend as much money as you need. Do it as fast as possible.
Yes.
Find out who owns the commercial building where the bookstore is.
If it's Chairman Choi,
you'll be able to find his home address too.
Yes.
Jang-do and I
need to talk for a bit.
Huh?
Didn't you hear me?
Yes.
Why did they
just leave Beom?
Perhaps they didn't have time because they were moving cash?
Jang-do, Jang-do, huh?
People who think positively
don't make progress.
Think negatively.
With the fear that those bastards
are desperately trying to kill me,
rack your brain.
What do you mean?
To tail them?
Send more guys to the hospital.
Dress them in patient gowns and arm them.
Yes.
And put guys
on Jun-min too.
Did Director Kim do something wrong?
Ah, I told you to think negatively.
Chairman Choi might have dug up his personal information.
Yes.
Jun-min gets scared easily, so he can't control his expressions.
Even from afar, they might notice.
Ignorance is bliss for him, huh?
Yes.
Because of him,
Hwang Yang-joong probably won't move.
He'll send Lee Du-yeong.
I told you, he moves widely on a motorcycle.
Yes.
Block him from front and back and catch him.
This will be fun.
Good morning, boss.
Ah, did you get any sleep?
Oh, yes.
You came in early this morning, why don't you rest a bit?
I slept deeply enough.
Ah, Geon-woo.
I had something to tell you.
Oh.
Hyun-ju is
a lonely child.
She always has a shadow in a corner of her heart.
Oh.
So she intentionally
acts cold at times.
Ah, yes.
But our Hyun-ju
became very bright after meeting you and Woo-jin.
So I'm very grateful to you two.
We also like being with Hyun-ju.
Ah, and,
the money I advanced you
is gone now.
Ah, me...
Uh, uh, where, where did it go?
Uh, what I mean is, it's all settled.
Oh... why?
Do you know how much money
you brought from the bookstore yesterday?
Uh, that...
Uh-uh...
Since you safely transported my money,
I'm giving you a bonus.
Oh, yes.
Uh, I, I want to pay you back by working honestly.
Uh, you did work honestly.
The cash you brought is quite a lot.
And you and I,
we're no longer in a debtor-creditor relationship.
Take your mother
and open a cafe again in Jeju or somewhere nice.
I'll invest everything for you.
Boss, thank you so much.
But...
I want to help you catch Kim Myeong-gil
until the very end.
You've helped enough.
No, I want to stay with you until the end.
Why?
I have to repay my gratitude.
You've repaid enough.
It's not enough for me yet.
Because it's not over until it's over.
Alright.
It's not over until it's over.
Let's have a drink soon.
Oh, I don't drink.
Ugh.
Instead, I'll pour for you.
Go up!
Oh, oh, yes!
"Investigator Hwang"
Put wasabi on it and eat it with soy sauce.
It's wild-caught, isn't it?
Actually, this farmed flounder
can be a bit oily because of the fat in the fin meat,
but wild-caught ones like these
have very firm flesh,
and the fat is evenly distributed.
Wow, the unique
mildness and flavor of this flounder is truly...
I can taste it in every bite.
The aging is perfect too.
Do you... like raw fish?
Oh.
I briefly ran a raw fish YouTube channel before.
I quit because I couldn't get more than 1,000 subscribers, no matter how hard I tried.
Ha, this is the first time I've eaten it sliced this long.
Oh.
It wraps around my mouth
like a whip.
It's the most delicious flounder
I've ever tasted.
'Like.'
Wow, bro, you're amazing.
Hey, I worked hard.
Oh.
I'll subscribe.
It's closed.
Oh.
You all worked hard yesterday,
so I called you to treat you to a meal.
Thank you.
What are you going to do now?
Kill the big guy,
and catch that wildcat-like bastard and crush him.
That wildcat bastard
is Kim Myeong-gil's cleaner.
When Kim Myeong-gil caused trouble,
that bastard would go around,
bribing and threatening people,
to shut them up and cover things up.
If we crush that bastard
and find just one body that Kim Myeong-gil ordered to be buried, it's over.
If we find a body, money can't cover it up.
Smile Capital is finished?
That's right.
If we can't find a body,
what should we find?
Well, if we find the weapon used in the murder,
or a video, it's over too.
Here.
Also,
this yellowtail is...
This aged...
My bad, my bad, my bad.
Sit, sit, sit.
You're fast.
I'm Lee Du-yeong.
I heard about you guys. Nice to meet you.
Oh.
Yes, I'm Kim Geon-woo.
Yes.
Hong Woo-jin.
Hey, these boxers' fists are different.
Nice to meet you.
I actually went to the underpass that day.
I rushed there as soon as I got the boss's call,
but I live a bit far,
so I arrived late.
But,
seeing all those thugs knocked out,
I was truly amazed, 'Wow, these guys are real fighters.'
Oh, bro,
your dream was to be a world champion once, right?
Ah, why are you dragging me into this?
Why?
Can you hit today?
What?
Ah, the sales director.
Ah, talk when you two are alone.
Ah, why?
These guys are coming with us.
What are you talking about? Why are the kids going?
Ah, what's the problem?
If the police show up,
they'll all be accomplices.
Ah, the kids said they'd come.
Why are you yelling at me?
Kids, if you get a criminal record,
you can't get back in the ring, you know that, right?
Yes.
Why are you fighting Kim Myeong-gil, sir?
Ah, he killed our guys, so we have to get revenge.
You might die fighting Kim Myeong-gil, though.
Aren't you scared?
I'm not scared of dying.
I'm scared of not being able to kill those bastards.
What about you guys? What are you going to do?
We'll go.
Me too.
Why?
Kim Myeong-gil is a truly bad guy.
If it weren't for the boss,
our family would have been ruined.
All I know how to do is use my strength, but
I want to be helpful until the end.
Me too.
I believe our Marine Duo
will be a great help.
You guys were Marines?
Yes.
Are you a Marine?
I was exempt, my brother was.
Hey.
"Pil! Seung!" (Marine Corps slogan)
Pilseung.
Hey, why do you keep leaking my personal life, are you crazy?
Ah, this is how we get to know each other gradually, what's the big deal?
Ah, get down, you bastards.
Tell us your serial number!
Won't you get down?
I want to call you senior!
Ah, look at this bastard.
He's making me get up.
You bastard, get down now!
Once a Marine,
always a Marine!
Oh, really?
Ah, give him a break, bro.
This bastard.
He's trying to get the better of me, is he?
No, sir!
The Marine spirit
is to win!
Ah, uh, senior, uh,
this brother is a bit... misguided.
Uh, please just give him a pass this once.
What's 'misguided'?
Ah, that, he has a strong Marine pride.
What's 'Marine pride'?
Marine Corps pride, sir.
Ah.
Tell him your serial number!
Bro, he has Marine pride.
I'm class of '571.
Happy now?
Senior!
Pil! Seung!
Are you going too?
Do you think I can't fight?
I asked because I thought
the boss might worry.
I started this.
I'm going to see it through.
Alright.
Alright then.
We're going tonight.
When Du-yeong hits the sales director, call me.
I'll be waiting in front of the hospital,
and I'll go in when I get your call.
Understood?
Why wait before going in?
If Du-yeong hits the sales director and there are thugs,
it means they've noticed.
That means there are thugs
in the hospital too.
Then isn't it dangerous for Mr. Du-yeong to go alone?
He's fine, he's fast.
Isn't it safer to just catch Kim Jun-min together
and go into the hospital to catch Im Jang-do?
Much safer, no?
If they know we're moving,
Kim Myeong-gil will unleash all his thugs.
Then we die.
We can't win by numbers.
We have to split into two groups
and attack simultaneously.
It's dangerous,
but that's the only way to win.
I ride a motorcycle, so I'll be fine.
If it gets bad, I can just run away.
What should we do?
Can you ride a motorcycle?
No.
My kick scooter
is fast.
What?
No.
Hey, I'll take the kids.
They might be needed at the hospital.
I'll go with Mr. Du-yeong.
I ride a motorcycle.
Alright.
Alright, shall we eat?
Yes.
Hyun-ju, do you ride a motorcycle?
What do you ride?
I ride a naked bike.
Hey, don't you think we're a bit alike?
Right?
Yeah.
Ah, damn it.
Ah, why are you swearing?
Where did you serve?
I told you not to talk about military, damn it.
Stop it.
Hey, Min-dong, bring some
soup and rice here.
Yes.
Duk-ah.
How have you been?
Yes, it's been a while, hyung-nim.
This friend will ride.
Hello.
I've prepared it here.
Wow, that's nice. These days' things.
Have you ridden a sport bike?
Yes, I rode one for a short while a long time ago.
When you were training in the military,
you learned how to hold a knife, right?
Hold it.
No.
You didn't learn?
Yes.
Just hold it for now.
Uh, senior.
We have no intention of using knives, just...
Who told you to use knives?
You just gave it to us!
Are you talking back?
I'll do well!
You need to know how to use a knife
to understand the thoughts of those who use knives.
You have to read their thoughts to win, right?
Oh.
Ah!
Oh, you startled me, damn it.
Let's see, once you get used to it...
This is the fastest.
It suits you.
This sashimi knife
doesn't have a guard between the handle and the blade.
It's not made for stabbing.
Look.
If you stab hard with this,
your hand will slide forward, and all your fingers will be ruined by the blade.
To stab deeply with this,
you have to support the back of the handle.
That way,
it won't slip in.
So, if someone comes at you holding a knife like this,
what do you think they're aiming for?
They're probably trying to cut the back of the hand or the wrist.
That's right, it's not a deep attack.
Uh, in boxing terms,
it's like an out-boxer throwing light jabs from a distance.
Mm.
Ah!
One more time!
It's okay.
Relax and swing.
If they come at you holding the back of the handle with both hands?
They're trying to kill you, right? Just, *thwack*.
Because you're pressing the back of the handle with your thumb,
it won't slip no matter how much force you use.
Holding a knife like this
means you know how to use a knife.
Just hit with the momentum.
Don't hit too hard.
Relax.
That's it.
That's it!
If you're caught cheating, you're dead. Seriously.
What are you doing, bastard, hurry up and turn it over.
Damn it, after one round. Hey, show me, show me.
Aren't you going to greet him?
You little bastards!
Let's wait here.
Stop!
Which room number are you visiting?
Room 603.
One car is going in.
One guy showed up.
What should we do?
Wait a bit more.
Ah, damn it.
Thank you.
Drink as you go in.
To survive in this business,
you have to sell everything you have.
Your fists,
your soul,
your dreams.
If you sell everything, you won't die.
But whatever happens,
don't sell your family and friends.
If you're going to live like that, just die.
Yes.
In a bit, I'll go into the hospital,
and if I tell you guys to run,
run without a word.
I'll take care of things inside.
Uh...
Are you not answering?
Didn't you just say, senior,
not to abandon family and friends?
I'm a criminal.
Even though we're in the same boat now,
you and I are not family.
We won't see each other after this.
So don't get emotionally attached
or develop feelings for this.
Understood?
Yes.
Kim Jun-min is here.
What are you going to do?
Sir?
What should we do?
Can you hear me?
Uh, please answer...
I'm hitting him.
Ah, this bastard, you!
Damn it!
Call the hospital, you bastard.
You son of a bitch, you!
You bastard!
You son of a bitch, you bastard!
You bastard, you son of a bitch! Damn it!
Dong-woo.
Put this in the trunk, you bastard.
Hey, hurry up and put it in!
What is it?
What is that bastard? Damn it!
You son of a bitch.
Oh, oh!
Are you okay?
Oh.
Alright.
Let's go.
Yes.
It's Im Jang-do, Im Jang-do.
Alright, let's go up.
Hey!
This way.
Put some effort into it, ugh!
Ugh, damn it!
What is this...
Alright, push.
Just a moment.
Let go, damn it!
Damn...
What is this, damn it!
Damn it!
Ugh, damn it!
Let's go.
Yes.
Oh, bro, be careful.
You're here?
Hello.
Can you load it here?
Yes, yes.
One, two.
Be careful, be careful.
Ugh, damn it.
Where's the salt?
Salt?
It's in the office.
You two, go mix some salt water.
Find a bucket and put all the salt in.
Yes.
Let's go.
Oh.
Uh, it's in the corner.
Yes.
Ugh, damn it.
Hyun-ju, are you okay?
Uh, are you okay, oppa?
Uh.
We caught Im Jang-do.
Yeah.
What about Kim Jun-min?
Uh, I was outside so I didn't see him, but they caught him.
Uh.
Did they kill him, by any chance?
Hey, let's just make the salt water quickly.
Find it.
Yeah.
This should work.
Water?
I saw it downstairs.
Let's go down.
Hyun-ju, let's go.
Yes.
Uh, I'll arrive in 5 minutes, so shake him up a bit.
Ah, and,
tell Hyun-ju and the kids to watch from the side.
What's wrong?
They want Hyun-ju to watch too?
Why?
Will Hyun-ju be okay?
Welcome.
This way.
Stop.
Let's look at the stairs too.
Ah, there are no cameras
in that area.
Why?
There originally aren't any...
What do you mean by that? Damn it!
Uh, from outside,
aren't there cameras that
view the hospital building?
For that,
you have to go to the police station.
What about Jun-min?
He's still unconscious.
Go to the apartment management office
and find the license plate of the guys who hit Jun-min.
Yes.
Should I put it here?
Hey, grab it.
How much should I put in?
Ah, didn't you
say to put it all in earlier?
This is too much.
Let's just put it all in, bro.
You answered earlier.
Alright.
What are you doing?
Making salt water.
Uh, salt water.
Oh, yes.
Come here and look at this.
Why?
The boss told us to look.
I hate people who open their mouth and then close it again the most.
So,
if you're determined to tell me everything,
nod your head.
If you say you'll talk and then clam up,
I'll cut off your lips with a knife.
Understood?
You're not going to talk, are you?
Hey.
Yeah.
Uh...
H-Hyun-ju, that...
Why did he tell us to watch that?
By now, Myeong-gil must have started looking for Im Jang-do.
There isn't much time.
I want to teach you guys something.
What do you mean?
This will only end when someone dies.
I can't guarantee that I'll be alive.
Ah, we'll win.
Why are you only thinking negatively?
Hyun-ju.
Ah, that's enough.
Hyun-ju!
Driver Oh, please take care of Hyun-ju.
Yes, boss.
Ah, that kid, really.
Uh, Geon-woo.
Oh, yes.
Uh, if,
Myeong-gil and you guys
end up fighting, you,
you can protect the kids, right?
I will protect them until the end.
Alright, thank you.
Uh, we don't have much time,
so I'll just teach you one thing.
To defeat a tightly-knit organization,
two things are needed.
Dispersion,
and division.
People trust those who know them well
and empathize with them.
That's how it is.
If you can't gain individual trust,
you can't divide the organization.
Take this off.
Im Jang-do?
Among Myeong-gil's subordinates,
I think you understand Myeong-gil
most accurately.
Myeong-gil is a very violent
and cruel person.
But he reads people's minds
like a ghost.
He knows how to gain.
That's why
Kim Jun-min and Kang In-beom
probably truly believe him.
But you're smart.
You know Myeong-gil better than them.
Uh, Myeong-gil
never empathizes passionately
from the heart.
He only empathizes coldly with his mind.
Even normally, he's always
calculating how to use people.
You knew that, but you still
went under Myeong-gil.
Why?
The first reason is money.
Myeong-gil gave you a salary
that you would earn in 5 years
working at a large corporation, didn't he?
You wanted power after graduating from police academy,
but you were demoted,
so you had to earn money.
That way, you wouldn't lose face.
However,
the real reason you went under Myeong-gil
is the second one.
You were confident that you wouldn't be used by Myeong-gil.
You were certain you wouldn't lose to
a criminal bastard like him.
If, by any chance, Myeong-gil has a motive to kill you,
then at that moment,
you'd take the money you've earned from Myeong-gil
and flee to Southeast Asia.
Yes, your plan is very good.
But right now, if I
take a picture of you
and send it to Myeong-gil,
and say you told me the names of the people
Myeong-gil ordered to be killed,
Myeong-gil will definitely believe me.
Because looking at your current state,
your motive to talk is perfect.
Then Myeong-gil will
send back the men he sent to find you,
and send his hunting dogs
to kill you and bury you secretly.
They won't give you time to explain to Myeong-gil.
Myeong-gil told them not to.
Myeong-gil doesn't care about the truth.
It's just safest to bury you.
Well, anyway,
the one who knows most about the crimes
Myeong-gil has committed so far
isn't Kim Jun-min or Kang In-beom.
It's you.
You know Myeong-gil as well as I do.
If I were to just taint you
with a very, very small amount of suspicion...
Myeong-gil will kill you.
Damn it.
Wait, damn it.
Why would I die?!
You bastard!
Damn it!
Im Jang-do!
Listen to me carefully!
If you don't get a grip right now,
you'll really die!
Tell me everything you know.
Then I'll get you enough money
to live on for the rest of your life
and send you to a safe country.
Myeong-gil learned everything from me.
I know all the places Myeong-gil doesn't know about.
I promise you.
You were going to exit anyway.
Think of this as your chance.
If I confess,
how much will you give me?
Answer quickly and honestly.
I'm going to finish Myeong-gil
and Smile Capital completely.
When the job is done, I'll send you to Guam.
I know some people there.
I'll support you with everything I have
so you can start a new life there.
Uh, get some clothes.
How long have you been working for Myeong-gil?
5 years.
What exactly do you do?
I prevent Manager Kim's illegal activities
from reaching the police investigation,
and if they do,
I stop them from breaking out.
Have you ever directly participated?
For minor cases, In-beom and I sometimes go,
but mostly it's handled by the subcontracting company
that Manager Kim operates.
Minor cases?
Well...
We sometimes film
evidence videos and things like that.
You blackmailed Ail Group, didn't you?
What did you do?
Manager Kim ordered me to do it.
I didn't ask who ordered you, I asked what you did.
I caught Ail Group's eldest son and filmed something.
What?
I just stripped him
and filmed a video.
Why?
Tell me about this from the beginning.
There's a 40-story boutique hotel being built in Gangnam,
but construction was halted when the company went bankrupt due to COVID-19.
Manager Kim heard that Ail Group's eldest son
was trying to acquire it,
but he was 100 billion won short.
From whom?
Since the building had been abandoned for so long and become an eyesore,
the Seoul City government got involved,
and while looking for someone with cash,
a National Assembly member who plays golf with Manager Kim every week
recommended Manager Kim to the mayor.
Manager Kim's
dream is to build a casino in the hotel.
The Seoul City government also promised to
immediately issue a casino license for foreigners,
so Manager Kim
was excited,
but then Ail Group's eldest son
suddenly tried to back out,
so he had me
force him to stay.
How many people did you film?
50 people.
And Myeong-gil is keeping those videos?
Yes.
He believes everyone's weakness is money.
And,
he never shares anything that can make money.
Uh, where are those files?
He keeps the hard drive in a small safe
inside Manager Kim's bedroom.
But that safe is a German smart safe.
It only opens with Manager Kim's
right palm vein,
and if something happens,
he can remotely control it with his phone
and burn whatever is stored inside the safe.
There's liquid fuel in the safe ceiling,
and when you press a button, it drops and catches fire.
He knows that hard drive is a double-edged sword.
It's a weapon if you have it, but
it's evidence if the police seize it.
That subcontracting company,
are they thugs?
Yes.
How many people?
I think there are about 30 people.
Well, they call for more when needed.
Who's the leader?
Team Leader Jeong, they call him.
He's the head of that company,
and he's Manager Kim's butcher.
He was a mixed martial arts fighter,
but he killed someone during a match
and had his fighter's license revoked.
I heard Manager Kim scouted him.
How does he dispose of bodies?
Team Leader Jeong handles that side of things.
Alright, tell me what you know.
About 3 years ago,
Manager Kim got angry while drinking once
and beat someone to death.
I happened to be nearby,
so I was managing the situation
until Team Leader Jeong arrived.
Team Leader Jeong called a fish truck
with a 3-ton tank,
and took the body away.
From what I saw of Team Leader Jeong and the driver talking,
it seemed like they were a regular company they used.
Their name?
It's been so long, I don't remember.
Alright.
I know a hospital in Incheon.
I'll call an ambulance for you there, so go and rest.
When the job is done
and things are settled,
I'll send your passport and flight tickets.
Don't contact anyone.
Kim Myeong-gil will find you.
I'm taking your phone.
Let me ask one more thing.
Where are the gold bars Myeong-gil collected?
Only In-beom knows that.
What's their relationship?
In-beom is the only person Manager Kim truly trusts.
I heard they met in prison
and saved each other's lives multiple times.
In-beom will even sacrifice his life.
I can't know all of Manager Kim's true feelings, but
he definitely cherishes In-beom like a brother.